and returning to some breaking news now
an Israeli air strike outside the Syrian
Capital Damascus has killed a senior
member of the Iranian revolutionary
guard Sardar say RI musavi was one of
the top commanders of the irgc let's get
more on this from our correspondent Ali
Hashim he is joining us from nakura in
southern Lebanon firstly Ali what more
are you hearing about this
strike well just afternoon today there
was Israeli a strike on um Target near
the AL zabia neighborhood uh to the
south of Damascus later on we understood
that say RI al- Musa who was also known
as s RI was the target of this Israeli
attack um as a matter of fact s RI Al
musawi is one of the oldest uh irgc
commanders in uh Syria and Lebanon he's
been functioning in this area uh since
the 80s so so since the beginning of the
Islamic revolution uh he and several
other uh irgc commanders came to this
region and later on he became so close
to uh the uh slain CS commander irgc
commander Kim suani who was also
assassinated three years ago in in
Bagdad um so uh according to our sources
razil musawi was Target to seven veral
assassination attempts by Israel however
this was the time when uh the
assassination attempt succeeded um he is
uh the Israelis accuse him of being an
instrumental figure within the network
of um arms smuggling from Iran to Syria
to Iraq to Syria and to end with heah
and Lebanon and also as a very
influential within the axis the what
Iran calls the so calleded uh axis of
resistance of course we'll hear more
maybe in the coming days about whether
there is also another role that uh that
isn't really exposed even especially
with respect to relations with the
Palestinian factions and the Hamas and
Islamic Jihad he certainly sounds very
high-profile and Israel has a history of
carrying out strikes in Syria doesn't it
Ali yes indeed there were several
Israeli air strikes in Syria in the past
of course over the past years there were
many but in the context of the war on
Gaza there were several Israeli a
strikes mainly targeting the uh airport
in Damascus and the airport in Aleppo
however um a couple of weeks ago or even
maybe 20 days ago there was an
assassination of two Iranian irgc
officers senior officers in uh Syria the
Iranians vowed to Revenge then when the
uh the the news came out so that is
targeting and the Israelis of course
have never came out and uh claimed
responsibility clearly however they hint
they always hint to their role in such
attacks Ali thank you very much for that
that is Ali Hashim with what we know so
far he's live in nakura in southern
Lebanon